March: Add community_news (#88)
pythonpune/meetup-talks: 2020/March/community_news.md

* Your Guide to the CPython Source Code  https://realpython.com/cpython-source-code-guide/

* Applying mypy to real world projects http://calpaterson.com/mypy-hints.html

* Cheating in Kaggle Contests (A Post-Mortem) https://www.kaggle.com/bminixhofer/how-bestpetting-cheated

* OSCON 2019 - Care and Feeding of a Healthy Job Hunt https://archive.org/details/oscon2019-jobhunt

* Git Command Explorer  https://gitexplorer.com/

* Self-service finite-state machines for the programmer on the go https://pypi.org/project/Automat/20.2.0/

* About Python Package Metadata https://hynek.micro.blog/2020/02/14/about-python-package.html

* Modularity for Maintenance https://glyph.twistedmatrix.com/2020/02/modules-for-maintenance.html

* Visualising Data Structures and algorithms through animations https://visualgo.net/en

* PEP 614 -- Relaxing Grammar Restrictions On Decorators https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0614/ 

* Python in GitHub Actions https://hynek.me/articles/python-github-actions/

* Python in Production  https://hynek.me/articles/python-in-production/

> * Virtual Ansible Contributor Summit + Hackathon - Sunday, March 29, 2020 https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/ansible-outreach/iYFoB9g3cSE

Reviewer: Move this under Upcoming events

* Git Command Explorer  https://gitexplorer.com/

* Self-service finite-state machines for the programmer on the go https://pypi.org/project/Automat/20.2.0/

* About Python Package Metadata https://hynek.micro.blog/2020/02/14/about-python-package.html

* Modularity for Maintenance https://glyph.twistedmatrix.com/2020/02/modules-for-maintenance.html

* Visualising Data Structures and algorithms through animations https://visualgo.net/en

* PEP 614 -- Relaxing Grammar Restrictions On Decorators https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0614/ 

* Python in GitHub Actions https://hynek.me/articles/python-github-actions/

* Python in Production  https://hynek.me/articles/python-in-production/

## Project Releases
<!-- Add link to any project started by community members (not limited
to PythonPune) -->

* Click 7.1 Released by Pallets https://palletsprojects.com/blog/click-7-1-released/

## Upcoming events in & around Pune
<!-- Add link to upcoming workshops, conferences (can be from other
places around the world) -->

* Virtual Ansible Contributor Summit + Hackathon - Sunday, March 29, 2020 
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/ansible-outreach/iYFoB9g3cSE

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you please add this 
```suggestion
* First ever remote Cloud Native Rejekts - Wednesday, April 1, 2020
https://virtual.rejekts.io/
```

Reviewer 2: Okay, it's already merged.

## Thanks

> * Thanks to Vishal and Bhavin for organizing Mar PythonPune 2020 https://www.meetup.com/PythonPune/events/269419831/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Thanks to Vishal and Bhavin for organizing March PythonPune meetup 2020 https://www.meetup.com/PythonPune/events/269419831/
```

> * Thank you AP Raj Shekhar and Kumar Vipin Yadav for delivering Talks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Thank you A.P. Rajshekhar and Kumar Vipin Yadav for delivering talks this month.
```
